>> Evan: The next exercise,
what we're gonna try to do is the template
is almost the same, except that these
components do not take props anymore.
But we need to maintain the same
behavior from our previous exercise.
When you click the button, and
it caused the increment method of the root
component, and all these child
components should update together.
So we need to find a way to make
first make all of these child components
share the same piece of state.
Second, our root component should be
able to update that piece of state.
And how can we do that?
So the hint is that we can use
a shared object to serve us as
our common piece of state.
>> Evan: And many of you probably have
run into this warning before, like,
if you write a component like this,
what warning would you get?
Anyone?
>> Evan: Yeah,
data must be a function, right?
So most of you have probably
run into that before.
The reason that data must be
a function is because most of the time
we want each component instance to have
its own separate unique piece of data,
instead of all of these components
sharing the same piece of data.
But in this particular case,
what we want to achieve is to make all
of them share the same piece of data.
So how can we achieve that?
So let's try to do that.